♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da,
ba-da-ba-da-ba ♪
♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da
Let's go!
♪ We'll be there
♪ A wink and a smile
and a great old time ♪
♪ Yeah, we'll be there
♪ Wherever we are,
there's some fun to be found ♪
♪ We'll be there
when you turn that corner ♪
♪ We'll jump out the bush
♪ With a big bear hug
and a smile ♪
♪♪
[ People clamoring excitedly ]
-[ Grunts ]
-[ Sighs ] Where's the patient?
Upstairs.
It's not good.
[ Classical music plays ]
The doctor is here, sir.
What are you waiting for?
Send him in.
[ Glugs ]
[ Coughs ]
Oh, you gotta fix me, Doc.
-Talk to me.
-Well, I feel pretty awful.
I've been having, uh, hot
flashes,
cold flashes,
light-headedness,
heavy-headedness,
and my heart has been doing
this thing where it
unexpectedly stops be--
[ Paddles hum ]
Stops beating.
Yeah.
It's not supposed to do that.
Are there any recent changes
in your life
that could be causing
these problems?
Well, I've been getting
pretty
popular again
on the Internet but I --
[ Screams ]
-Oh my gosh, he's here!
I--I -- guys,
I found his room!
Up here! Come on!
[ People clamoring ]
These fans
are driving me nuts!
Ever since I've been trending,
I can't get a moment of peace!
Doc, is it bad?
-Um, most definitely.
I want you to wear
this device.
It will monitor
your stress levels,
and if it beeps too fast,
you could experience
some inconvenient
symptoms like...
dying.
[ Stutters ] What, really?!
I recommend you take
a vacation to help.
A vacation?
You need to isolate yourself
from anything
that could aggravate
your condition.
Yeah, a vacation.
Getting away from these fans
is just what I need! Yes!
Farmer, get me a flight to the
Eucalytpus Relaxation Center!
I'll leave right now.
No more interviews,
no more photo-ops,
no more crazed fans.
-Nom Nom!
-[ Screams ]
Oh my gosh,
it's really you!
[ Device beeping ]
I-I-I've been collecting
your nail clippings
out of the garbage,
and I have a complete set
except for your left pinkie.
[ Device beeping faster ]
So, I was hoping if you could
just get a little --
[ Grunts ]
I've got this, sir.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait!
Nom Nom!
I'll settle for some spit!
How long was this dude
hiding in here?
That's just not healthy.
[ Beeping slows down ]
How am I supposed to get to my
vacation without beeping
when I can't even
leave my room?
Hm. Maybe you can take an
emotional support animal.
An -- an emotional what?
Lots of celebrities have
emotional support animals
to deter stress
when they travel.
Hmm, well,
if it keeps me alive,
I'll try anything
at this point.
Good.
I brought one just in case.
You can come in now!
W--w--wait, is that...
No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no!
[ Mouse squeaks ]
[ Laughs ]
Oh, it's just a mouse.
[ Mouse squeaks ]
Hey, hey, Nom Nom!
[ "Psycho" theme plays ]
What?! No, not again!
[ Groans ]
Ah, it's you
and me again, bud!
What are the chances?
[ Mouse squeaks ]
I think you have a mouse
problem, Nom Nom.
Actually, this is my
emotional support animal.
It's why I'm so calm.
My life is way too valuable
to entrust to him!
He's probably
not even certified!
Certified?
Well, they gave me some training
and this neat little vest.
Listen, man. I know
you have some reservations,
but I can guarantee
I am 100% ready
to support
the heck out of you!
[ Sighs ] Fine.
Get me to my vacation.
Grab my suitcase!
Woo-hoo!
I won't let you down, buddy.
Remember, if he beeps too much,
he'll die.
[ Scoffs ]
Rich people problems.
♪♪
So far, so good.
How're you feeling, champ?
Okay, I guess.
Let's keep moving.
-Hey.
-Aah!
Don't I know you?
Yeah,
you're that famous koala.
Yeah, yeah, what was your name?
Oh, oh, don't tell me.
I'm gonna figure it out.
[ Device beeping ]
Don't tell me, don't tell me.
Ooh, this always happens!
Oh no, the beeping!
Huh?
♪♪
I'm gonna figure it out!
Oh, it's two words.
[ Device beeping faster ]
[ Gasping ] Can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
Oh, it's at the tip
of my tongue.
[ Groans ]
Oh, that's it!
You're--
-My Pop Pop!
-Huh?
-Yep, just my good, old dad.
You know, he's not famous
but he's a celebrity to me.
Ooh. [ Chuckles ]
Of course, I'm sorry.
Oh, Jimmy, you goofball,
thinking you see
celebrities everywhere.
I can't believe
that worked.
All right, we're wasting time.
Let's go!
You got it, buddy.
♪♪
Next.
You're good.
[ Metal detector beeps ]
Sir, do you have any metal
possessions on you?
No, just me
and my little vest.
All right. Try again.
-Aah!
-Huh? Grizz?
Oh, sir, don't forget
your wall -- oh, oops.
Sorry about that, sir --
Nom Nom?
Wait a minute.
[ Device beeping ]
Oh, no.
Stuff gets stuck sometimes,
but I don't think it -- huh?
-[ Annoyed ] Mm-hmm.
-[ Chuckles nervously ]
That must have been it.
I'll just go on through, now.
[ Groans ]
All right. Looks like we're
going to have to do
a more thorough search.
I know this name.
[ Beeping continues ]
It's so familiar.
-[ Whimpers ]
Whoa.
There's so much dandruff.
Is this a wrench?
No, it can't be.
Gotta look this up online.
[ Hyperventilating ]
All right, one more chance.
Don't even think about metal.
-No problem. Okay.
Uh, I'm not even
going to think about metal.
I'm just going to think about,
um, uh, a banana.
Just a nice, sweet banana.
Oh, it's starting to peel.
Oh gosh! Metal banana!
Metal banana!
[ Evil laugh ]
[ Screams ]
Aah, I thought about metal.
All right.
You're good to go.
Uh. Cool. Thanks.
-[ Whimpering ]
-[ Gasps ] I knew it!
You're the famous
kaola Nom-- huh?
Thank you, officer.
We can't miss this flight!
Gate 27B is now closing.
[ Both panting ]
No, wait. Please.
You have to open that door
and let me on!
-The gate is now closed.
-I know it's closed.
Open it!
-Ma'am, please.
It's really important
that we get on this plane.
No, I'm sorry, sir. Passenger
boarding has now ended.
Can't you make an exception for
a handsome boy and his old papa?
I'm sorry, sir.
I can't do that.
[ Growls ]
The gate can only be opened
in case of an emergency.
Look here, lady.
You want an important emergency?
You know what I am?!
-Dad! Wait!
I'm the famous Internet
sensation...
[ Intercom squawks ]
[echoing] Nom Nom!
Uh-oh.
♪♪
[ Baby smacking ]
Okay.
No sudden moves.
When I say the word, we...
run!
[ Indistinct yelling ]
♪ Gonna catch you one day
♪ Till I find my way to you
♪ That's just something
that I do ♪
♪ I'll try
and sneak up real soon ♪
♪ Meanwhile
I'm singin' this tune ♪
♪ I just wanna be with you
Benny: Nom Nom?
[ Both scream ]
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Please!
I just want an autograph.
Please, I beg you! Huh?
He went that way.
[ Panting ]
♪ Can I get an autograph
Or maybe just a selfie or two ?
♪ I just wanna be with you
Sir, you can't go in...
Sir!
♪ I just wanna be with you
Hey, over here!
Hey, come on!
[ Shouts ]
[ Indistinct yelling ]
-[ Moans ]
-Come on! Come on! Come on!
Uh, to the Eucalyptus
Relaxation Center!
You got it. And put your seat
belts on, we're talking off!
Whoa!
-Nom Nom! I love you!
[ Screaming ]
[ Crowd clamoring ]
♪♪
Phew.
Man, that was close.
[ Gasping ] I'm dying.
[ Device beeping ]
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
Aah!
I love you, Nom Nom!
[ Scoffs ] What a nutjob.
[ Growls ] You're supposed
to keep those
crazies away from me!
Do your job!
What? Hey!
I tried my best!
Oh, sorry.
Just lost my temper there.
That was very unlike
an emotional support animal.
-Get your hands off me!
-Whoa!
Okay,
I think we're good now.
You guys doing okay
back there?
Am I okay?!
Do I look okay to you?!
You sure do look
fi--ine to me.
Ta-da! Finally, some time
alone with you, Nom Nom.
-Aah! You?!
-You know this guy?
Yeah. It's me.
Now, please give me
that pinkie fingernail.
No! Get away from me,
you weirdo!
[ Lightning strikes ]
Aah!
[ Airplane engine stops ]
What was that?
[ Airplane bangs ]
[ All shouting ]
Aah. I think we're hit!
[ Device beeping rapidly ]
What does that mean?
Are we going to die?
[ Shouts ]
[ Screaming ]
I'm so sorry, man!
I let you down!
I just wanted to help you
because you're so cool.
I just wanted to be
cool like you.
[ Screams ] I can't believe
I'm going down like this!
That was beautiful, man.
I feel the same way
about Nom Nom.
-Stay out of this!
-Okay. Okay.
Yeesh.
Brace for impact!
[ Shouts ]
This is it!
Thanks for having me
in your life!
And I'm so sorry!
I'll be better in my next life!
[ Shouts ] Stop!
You didn't ruin anything!
You were pretty much
the only real friend I had!
I love you, Grizz!
Wha--
[ Airplane tires screech ]
Huh?
[ Beeping stops ]
Oh, what--what happened?
Uh, welcome to
the Relaxation Center, folks.
Oh, Nom Nom,
it was so nice what you said.
Did you mean it?
-Ugh. Get me out of here.
Out of my way! [ Grunts ]
He's so beautiful.
-Hm?
-[ Laughs ] I'm alive!
I'm alive!
Mwah!
Man, you're so lucky
to be his pet.
Emotional support --
oh, it doesn't matter anymore.
Did he mean what he said?
[ Gasps ] Oh my gosh!
What did he say?!
All right.
Time for me to relax now!
Sayonara, suckers!
Good luck
with your miserable lives.
[ Evil laugh ]
Make sure you don't
stress out too much, man!
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
Would you like to join me?
[ Gasps ] I thought --
I thought you'd never ask!
Yes! Yes!
-Not you, you bozo!
I could use a little help from
my emotional support animal.
I'll book another room
or whatever.
Really?! Whoo-hoo! Dude,
you're not going to regret this.
'Cause I'm going
to emotionally support
the heck out of you,
Nom Nom.
-Bye.
-Huh?
[ Spits ]
Thanks for nothing, man.
You're a terrible pilot!
[ Laughs ] Oh my gosh!
Thank you so much.
I can't believe this!
I don't want to see you
ever again!
Come on, let's go.
So, what kind
of food they got here?
Buffet?
Have they got a waterslide?
How many TVs will there be?
I bet they have every channel.
Do you think
we can get a bunk bed?
Oh, hey.
Can I tell my brothers to come?
♪♪
Done!
Done. Done!